# Team Meeting Log
* Semester - 01
* Week - 03
* Date - 20 march, 2020
* Time - 11am - 1230 pm

## Attendees
* Tsz Kiu
* Matthew Yong
* Yong Yick

## Discussion Items
Note: This is for ideal timeline, if anything happens then we will adjust accordingly.  

### Deciding which project we want (Final)

#### Music (CHOSEN)
* Music control mapping into musical parameters.    
* No defined standard for gestures to musical parameters.  
* Less tolerance in gesture to parameter translation.  
* Upper body tracking.  

#### Auslan
* Need to scrape datasets from Signbank.   
* Standardize dataset for sign language.    
* More tolerance in gesture to sign language translation.      
* Upper body tracking.    

### Project Proposal Revisited
* Details listed on our updated proposals

### Formalizing timeline of our project workflow
* Details on our google doc

### Information for Jonathan
* Meeting with Jonathan fornightly (if situation permits).  
* Sending in a weekly email to Jonathan, on our updates and to seek feedback.   
* Meeting half an hour weekly among ourselves.  

### Discussing what tasks to do in week 4
* Refer to project timeline to work on.  











